so I guess what could be considered a major negative is the fact that
you do work kind of long hours in in this job and community and there's
nothing really to find some days I come in and I work till noon
I can go home there's other times where I don't know when I'm gonna
be able to go home so that can kind of be looked at as a negative for
me I still kind of considered a bit of a positive because it isn't
repetitive it's something different all the time and we're given that
opportunity to kind of flex and use our own intuition on what we
consider a work there needs to be done so we're their hours aren't that
stringent but it's really left up to the individual the platoon
in the team to decide how they're going to work and when they want to
work but we do work long hours that aren't necessarily on the schedule
the time